Clarify expiration time for service accounts and tokens of pods pending deletion despite finalizers (#47404)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account.md

[authorization plugin and policy](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authorization/#authorization-modules)
in use.

The API credentials are automatically revoked when the Pod is deleted, even if
finalizers are in place. In particular, the API credentials are revoked after 1

> minute of the `.metadata.deletionTimestamp`, which includes the grace period.

Reviewer: Is this right?
```suggstion
finalizers are in place. In particular, the API credentials are revoked 60 seconds
beyond the `.metadata.deletionTimestamp` set on the Pod. The extra 60 second delay
allows for the Pod's grace period.
```

Reviewer: Try:
Is this right?
```suggestion
finalizers are in place. In particular, the API credentials are revoked 60 seconds
beyond the `.metadata.deletionTimestamp` set on the Pod (the deletion timestamp
is typically the time that the **delete** request was accepted plus the Pod's
termination grace period).
```

Author: That works for me.
